chore: add construct documentation to the README (#50)
developmentseed/cdk-pgstac: README.md

# eoAPI CDK Construct

> eoapi-cdk is a package of [AWS CDK constructs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/best-practices-cdk-typescript-iac/constructs-best-practices.html) designed to encapsulate eoAPI runtime code and best practices as simple reusable components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
eoapi-cdk is a package of [AWS CDK constructs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/best-practices-cdk-typescript-iac/constructs-best-practices.html) designed to encapsulate eoAPI services and best practices as simple reusable components.

```

Reviewer 2: If I am understanding your comment correctly vincent, this relates to https://github.com/developmentseed/cdk-pgstac/issues/4 (we currently have the stac ingestor runtime stored here, whereas it ideally should be maintained separately)

An [RDS](https://aws.amazon.com/rds/) instance with [pgSTAC](https://github.com/stac-utils/pgstac) installed and the Postgres parameters optimized for the selected instance type.

### [STAC Ingestor](https://developmentseed.org/cdk-pgstac/#stacingestor-)
An API for large scale STAC data ingestion and validation into a pgSTAC instance.

![ingestor](/diagrams/ingestor_diagram.png)

Authentication for the STAC Ingestor API can be configured with JWTs authenticated by JWKS.  To learn more about securing FastAPI applications with this approach see [Securing FastAPI with JWKS (AWS Cognito, Auth0)](https://alukach.com/posts/fastapi-rs256-jwt/).

A sample Cognito-based authentication system is available at [aws-asdi-auth](https://github.com/developmentseed/aws-asdi-auth).

### [STAC API](https://developmentseed.org/cdk-pgstac/#pgstacapilambda-)
A STAC API implementation using [stac-fastapi](https://github.com/stac-utils/stac-fastapi) with a [pgSTAC backend](https://github.com/stac-utils/stac-fastapi-pgstac). Packaged as a complete runtime for deployment with API Gateway and Lambda.

### [pgSTAC Titiler API](https://developmentseed.org/cdk-pgstac/#titilerpgstacapilambda-)

> A complete dynamic tiling API using [https://github.com/stac-utils/titiler-pgstac] to create dynamic mosaics of assets based on [STAC Search queries](https://github.com/radiantearth/stac-api-spec/tree/master/item-search).  Packaged as a complete runtime for deployment with API Gateway and Lambda and fully integrated with the pgSTAC Database construct.

Reviewer: This is great 🙏 

I would just change the order for the services 

- pgstac
- stac api
- titiler-pgstac 
- stac-ingestor
- bastion

> A complete dynamic tiling API using [https://github.com/stac-utils/titiler-pgstac] to create dynamic mosaics of assets based on [STAC Search queries](https://github.com/radiantearth/stac-api-spec/tree/master/item-search).  Packaged as a complete runtime for deployment with API Gateway and Lambda and fully integrated with the pgSTAC Database construct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A complete dynamic tiling API using [stac-utils/titiler-pgstac](https://github.com/stac-utils/titiler-pgstac) to create dynamic mosaics of assets based on [STAC Search queries](https://github.com/radiantearth/stac-api-spec/tree/master/item-search).  Packaged as a complete runtime for deployment with API Gateway and Lambda and fully integrated with the pgSTAC Database construct.

```
